c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\API.dll.config
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\API.dll
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\API.pdb
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\Owin.dll
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\obj\Debug\API.dll
c:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\obj\Debug\API.pdb
C:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\obj\Debug\API.Migrations.initial.resources
C:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\obj\Debug\API.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\obj\Debug\API.Migrations.Stats.resources
C:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\obj\Debug\API.Migrations.Events.resources
C:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\obj\Debug\API.Migrations.EventsUpdate.resources
C:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\obj\Debug\API.Migrations.EventsUpdate2.resources
C:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\obj\Debug\API.Migrations.EventsUpdate3.resources
C:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\obj\Debug\API.Migrations.Goals.resources
C:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\obj\Debug\API.Migrations.Goals2.resources
C:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\obj\Debug\API.Migrations.Cards2.resources
C:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\obj\Debug\API.Migrations.TeamEvents.resources
C:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\obj\Debug\API.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\obj\Debug\API.Migrations.anotherone.resources
C:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\obj\Debug\API.Migrations.Availabilities.resources
C:\Users\Jamie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\API\API\obj\Debug\API.Migrations.StartEnd.resources
